Add note about versions to README (#34)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template: README.md

* Aura block authoring
* Grandpa finality gadget

## Version

> You are on the `master` branch of this repository! In general, the only reason to checkout and work
> with this branch is if you are making changes to the Substrate Node Template itself. If you are
> using the code in this repository to follow a tutorial or some other type of guide, you should
> checkout one of the tagged versions of this repository that corresponds with a tagged version of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are on the `master` branch of this repository! In general, the only reason to check out and work
with this branch is if you are making changes to the Substrate Node Template itself. If you are
using the code in this repository to follow a tutorial or some other type of guide, you should
check out one of the tagged versions of this repository that corresponds with a tagged version of
```

Author: Wasn't sure about that one thanks much :pray:

the Substrate codebase itself. Because Substrate is such a fast-moving project that is likely to
undergo many breaking changes, the Substrate team takes great pains to release compatible versions
of related codebases as close to simultaneously as possible. This helps ensure a positive
experience for Substrate developers and also reduces the support overhead on the Substrate team.
Please always be sure that you are using specific, compatible versions of the components in your

> Substrate development environment. The versions this repository that are currently available are:
> 
> - [v2.0.0-alpha.6](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/tree/v2.0.0-alpha.6)
> - [v2.0.0-alpha.5](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/tree/v2.0.0-alpha.5)
> - [v2.0.0-alpha.3](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/tree/v2.0.0-alpha.3)
> - [pre-v2.0-3e65111](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/tree/pre-v2.0-3e65111)
> - [v1.5.0](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/tree/v1.5.0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Substrate development environment. You can find the list of all the available versions at:
https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/tags
```

Reviewer 2: I would keep it more general to remove the need of updating it after tagging a new version.

Author: You da real MVP :pray:
